# Picture Plugin

## What is it?

The picture plugin makes it easy to include smaller, resized versions of your images in your pages without adding extra code or uploading smaller versions yourself. 

## Installation 

Put the picture.php file in your site/plugins folder. Add the plugins folder if it isn't there yet. Add a thumbs folder to the root dir of your site and make sure it is writable. If you want to change the location of your picture cache folder read more about the available default settings further down. 

## How to use it?

	<?php picture($image); ?>

or a more extended version:

    thumb($image, array(
      'width'     => 200,
      'height'    => 200,
      'quality'   => 90,
      'upscale'   => true,
      'crop'      => true,
      'grayscale' => true
    ));

## Available options

### width

set the maximum width of your image

### height

set the maximum height of your image

### quality

set the jpeg compression quality of your image. (0-100)

### upscale

If this is set to true, images will be upscaled to the maximum height or width.

### crop

Set this to true to crop the image to the given width and height. Upscale is true by default in this case.

### grayscale

If set to true RGB images will be converted to grayscale

### datauri

If set to true image URLs will be converted to data:URIs

## Available settings

You can add the following config variables to your config file (site/config/config.php) to adjust the default settings of the thumb plugin:

    c::set('picture.cache.root', c::get('root') . '/thumbs');
    c::set('picture.cache.url',  c::get('url')  . '/thumbs');
    c::set('picture.quality', 100);
    c::set('picture.upscale', false);
    c::set('picture.datauri', false);

## Requirements

You must have GD Lib installed on your server for this plugin to work. 
	    
## Author
Luke Watts
<http://thisis.la>